Sequential Structure Exercises

 1. Make a program that shows the message "Hello world" on the screen.

 2. Make a program that ask for a number and then show the message ''The number informed was [number]''.

 3. Make a program that ask for two numbers and print the sum.

 4. Make a program that order the 4 bimonthly notes and show the average.

 5. Make a program that converts meters to centimeters.

 6. Make a program that Asks the radius of a circle, calculate and show your area.

 7. Make a program that calculates the area of a square, then show double this area to the user.

 8. Make a program that asks how much you earn per hour and the number of hours worked in the month. Calculate and show the total of your salary in that month.

 9. Make a program that asks the temperature in Fahrenheit degrees, transform and show the temperature into degrees Celsius.
    C = 5 * ((F-32) / 9).

 10. Make a program that asks the temperature in degrees Celsius, transform and show it into degrees Fahrenheit.

 11. Make a program that orders 2 integers and a real number. Calculate and show:
  The. The product double the first with half of the second.
  B. the sum of the triple of the first with the third.
  ç. the third elevated to the cube.

 12. Having as input data the height of a person, build an algorithm that calculates its ideal weight, using the following formula: (72.7*height) - 58

 13. Having a person's height (h) as input, build an algorithm that calculates its ideal weight using the following formulas:
  The. For men: (72.7*h) - 58
  B. For women: (62.1*h) - 44.7


 14. John Papal-Papo, good man, bought a microcomputer to control the daily performance of his work. Every time it brings a fish weight higher than established by the São Paulo State Fishing Regulation (50 pounds) must pay a fine of $ 4.00 per kilo surplus. John needs you to make a program that reads the variable 'Weight' '(fish weight) and calculate the excess. Record in the variable '' excess '' the amount of pounds beyond the limit and in the '' fine '' variable the amount of the fine that John must pay. Print program data with appropriate messages.

 15. Make a program that asks how much you earn per hour and the number of hours worked in the month. Calculate and show the total of your salary in that month, knowing that 11% for income tax, 8% for the INSS and 5% for the union, make a program that gives us:
  The. gross salary.
  B. how much paid to the INSS.
  ç. how much paid to the union.
  d. the net salary.
  and. Calculate discounts and net salary, according to the table below:

+ Gross Salary: R$
- IR (11%): R$
- INSS (8%): R$
- Union (5%): R$
= Liquid Salary: R$

  Note: Gross Salary - Discounts = Net Salary.

 16. Make a program for a paint store. The program should ask for size in square meters of the area to be painted. Consider that the ink cover is 1 liter for every 3 square meters and that the paint is sold in 18 liter cans, which cost $ 80.00. Enter the user to quantities of paint cans to be purchased and the total price.

 17. Make a program for a paint store. The program should ask for size in square meters of the area to be painted. Consider that the ink cover is 1 liter for every 6 square meters and that the paint is sold in 18 liters cans, which cost $ 80.00 or in gallons of 3.6 liters, which cost $ 25.00 .
  Enter the user the quantities of paint to be purchased and their prices in 3 situations:
  The. Buy only 18 liters cans;
  B. Buy only 3.6 liters gallons;
  ç. Mix cans and gallons so that the waste of paint is smaller.
 
  Add 10% off and always round the values up, that is, consider full cans.

 18. Make a program that orders the size of a download file (in MB) and the speed of an internet link (in Mbps), calculate and enter the approximate file download time using this link (in minutes).
